When I came across the word "ritual" the first time, I mistook it as the word "routine". But after I checked the dictionary and figure out what it actually means, I found the relationship between "riual"  and "rountine" is very close. I agree that the rituals add structure to our lives, according to the author of this prompt book. And i want to supplement that the reason why the ritual has such a magic power lies right in its "routine" character. People can not only remember those emergent things as events, or even breaking revolutions in their lives, but also they know what will happen the next day in their sub consciousness. Compared to the "revolution", the latter is a more common experience in human's life world. 

We live in a world which is stuctured largely by our own habits. Habits of eating, sleeping, talking, excercising, listening, working, learning and so on, constitute the way we perceive our living status. To some extent, every habit is a kind of ritual. It doesnt mean that you have any explicit mysterious ceremony before you go to sleep, of course you can have one, it just means you have a sleeping "pattern" in your mind, even if you did not write it down. With this implicit pattern, you always know the most suitable time to sleep, the most comfortable gesture to be on the bed, the favorite song to listen when you have insomnia. Just like the physic process of stripping your clothes and wearing pajamas on, you also go through a mental process of changing your mind into an easy mood when you are prepared to sleep. What if you go straight home in a day which is not so busy and go to bed immediately, not taking shower, not replacing clothes, no toothtaking, no clean bed sheet? I think most of us will suffer from insomnia. Insomnia is the punishment of you not obeying your routine, the result of break of the routine. Very similar to the sanction to the sinner who disrupts the ritual, isnt it?

I would like to talk more about my studying rituals during the daytime rather than sleeping rituals--of course i have some. 