When I came across the word "ritual" the first time, I mistook it ~~as~~ for ~~the word~~ "routine". ~~But~~ However, after ~~I checked~~ checking the dictionary and figure out what it actually means, **I realized that while they share similarities, there is a deeper connection between the two**. I agree that the rituals add structure to our lives, according to the author of this prompt book. And i ~~want to supplement~~ would like to add that the reason [why] the ritual has such a magic power lies right in its "routine" character/*nature*. People can ~~not only~~ remember **not only** those emergent ~~things as~~ events, or even breaking "revolutions" in their lives, but also [they] know what will happen the next day in their *subconscious*. **Unlike the dramatic "upheavals" we sometimes experience, rituals represent the steady, grounding force in our daily lives.**

We live in a world ~~which is stuctured~~ largely structrued by our ~~own~~ habits. Habits of eating, sleeping, talking, excercising, listening, working, learning, and so on, constitute the way we perceive our living status. To some extent, every habit is a kind of ritual. It doesnt mean that you ~~have~~ must *perform* an explicit, elaborate and mysterious ceremony before ~~you~~ going to sleep~~, of course you can have one~~--though, of course, you could if you wanted to. **Rather**, it just means you have a sleeping "pattern" in your mind, even if you did not write it down. With this implicit pattern, you always/*instinctively* know the most suitable time to sleep, the most comfortable ~~gesture~~ posture to be on the bed, [or even] the favorite song to listen/*play* when you have insomnia/[when insomnia strikes]. Just like the physic ~~process~~ act of *stripping off* your clothes and ~~wearing~~ putting *pajamas* on, you also go through a mental process of changing/*shifting* your *mindset* into an easy/*relaxed* mood when ~~you are prepared~~ preparing to sleep. What if you go straight home ~~in~~ on a day ~~which~~ that is not ~~so~~ too busy and go to bed immediately, ~~not~~without taking *a* shower, ~~not replacing~~ changing clothes, ~~no toothtaking~~brushing your teeth, **or** changing the bed sheets? I think most of us will suffer from insomnia. Insomnia is the punishment **for** ~~you~~ not [obeying] following your routine, the result of breaking ~~of the routine~~ it. Very similar to the sanction for/[imposed on] the sinner who disrupts the ritual, isnt it?

I would like to talk more about my studying rituals during the daytime rather than sleeping rituals--of course i have some. 

I assign myself many tasks ~~for myself~~ every day, so i have to get up early to find a comfortable place ~~for me~~ to study for a long time. I set about five **alarm clocks** to make sure i can arrive at *the* library before 8:00. ~~According to~~ Base on my experience, if i ~~get there~~ arrive after 8:30, there wont be any desk ~~right next to the~~ **by** the window, **where I can watch the natural landscape outside.** It is not nonsense ~~for~~ to me, because i hate/*dislike* the feelings of studying in a *sealed-off* space, which make me feel nothing is flowing, including my thoughts.

Of course there *are* still ~~have~~ some times ~~that~~ **when** i wake up late, after 7:40, so i dont have time ~~eating~~ to eat breakfast before riding my bike to the library, even though ~~the distance is very close~~ it's very close. **In this situation, i [would] enter the library first, occupy seats for my girlfriend and me, put my book bag on the chair, then leave the library for about 20 minitues to go to the canteen for a quick breakfast**. By the way, fried dough and wonton have been my favorites for the past two months.

Back ~~to~~ at the library, i ~~start~~ begin my study of the day. There are three parts i will work ~~in~~ on: the language part in the morning, the coding part in the afternoon, and the sociology part *at* night. I spend no more than 1.5 hours memorizing and reviewing Japanese vocabulary and grammar. ~~At about~~ Around 9:30, I switch to being a translator, translating some dialogues or essays *from* the textbook into Japannese. I believe this *process* will improve my Japanese level ~~heavily~~ significantly, *as* it forces me to think how to use a language practically, instead of/[rather than] just memorizing the plain information. After 11:00, if i still have ~~some~~ time, i would do some english writing practices. It is chilling. I know it is a digression but i still want to mention here that English, also as a foreign language for me, is much easier to type than Japannese. lol.

At around 12:00 ~~or so~~, i ~~will~~ go with my girlfriend ~~to have~~ for lunch. *Afterward*, i usually go back to the department to have a break, *or else* i will have a regular headache in the afternoon. ~~In normal~~ Typically, I come back to study before 2:30. Once arriving, i ~~will~~ immediately start coding or learning things about/*related to* coding. Now i am working on a javascript project and reading/*reviewing* the source code ~~those pros provides~~ provided by those professionals. I want to be a pro too. It has taken me a long time to learn the fundamental and non-fundamental syntaxes of various languages, but finally i have figured out that only ~~if i~~ *by* trying to build an actual project in the real world can i call myself "on the road". I spend about three hours on the projects during the afternoon. In theory, i should also spend one hour ~~on the leetcode problem solving~~ solving leetcode problems, but it seems that i **haven't had** enough time these days. I will catch up latter.

After dinner, there ~~is no~~ isn't much time ~~remaining ~~left for me to study. To be honest, i often feel tired at this time. But i ~~would~~ still push ~~me~~ myself to do something concerning sociology. It is not just for the ~~asks~~ sake of getting a degree, but also for my thoughts, expressions, and experiences. I use the ~~remained~~ remaining 3 hours to read some literatures or write something. It is a *joy* if i am writing things i truly believe in, but it becomes a torture ~~if~~ when i am ~~only~~ just writing to **fulfill the requirements of some meaningless courses.** Unfortnately, the latter happened several times. Also i wish my advisor ~~dont~~ doesnt push or ~~ask~~ pressure me too much--i want him to understand that his concerns are unnecessary. I will finish an excellent dissertation ~~at~~ in the end, for myself.

This is how a day of mine goes ~~on~~. It is a routine, and a ritual. I can feel the power this ~~sounds-~~ seemingly boring ritual gives ~~to~~ me. Because i can really feel/*sense* i am getting stronger every day, if i *follow* the ritual. But if i just ~~lay~~ *lie in bed*, **mindlessly** browsing short videos like a zombie, doing and thinking nothing at all, i will lose this magic and get pulished. This is the power of ritual. Consistency makes it. I make it.