I assign many tasks for myself every day so i have to get up early to find a comfortable place for me to study for a long time. I set about 5 alarming clocks to make sure i can arrive at library before 8:00. According to my experiences, if i get there 8:30 latter, there wont be a desk right next to the window, allowing me to watch the natural landscape outside. It is not nonsense for me, because i hate the feelings of studying in a sealed place which make me feel nothing is flowing, including my thoughts.

Of course there still have some times that i get up late after 7:40 so i dont have time eating breakfast before i ride my bike to the library, even though the distance is very close. In this situation, i would enter the library and occupy the seats for my girlfriend and me first, put my book bag on the chair,  leave the library for about 20 minitues, and go to the cantenn to have a simple breakfast. By the way, fried wough and wonton are my favorites in the recent two months.

Back to the library, i start my studying of this day. There are three parts i will work in: the language part in the morning, the coding part in the afternoon, and the sociology part in the night. I will memorize and review the lexical words and grammatic knowledge of Japannese for less than 1.5 hours. At about 9:30, I will become a translator, translating some diagloses or essays on the textbook into Japannese. I believe it will improve my Japanese level heavily because this progress is erging me to think how to use a language practically instead of just memorizing the information. After 11:00, if i still have some time, i would do some english writing practices. It is chilling. I know it is a digression but i still want to mention here that English, also as a foreign language for me, is much easier to type than Japannese. lol.

At 12:00 or so, i will go with my girlfriend to have lunch. Then i usually go back to the department to have a break or i will have a regular headache in the afternoon. In normal, I come back to study before 2:30. Once arriviing the place, i will immediately start coding or learning things about coding. Now i am doing a javascript project and reading the source code those pros provides. I want to be a pro, too. It has taken me a long time to learn the fundamental or non-fundamental syntaxes of various language, but finally i figured out that only if i try to build a actual project in the real world, can i call myself "on the road". I spend about 3 hours on the projects during the afternoon. In theory, i should also spend one hour on the leetcode problem solving, but it seemed that i didnt have enough time these days. I will catch up latter.

After dinner, there is no much time remaining for me to study. To be honest, i often feel tired at this time. But i would still push me to do something concerning sociology. It is not just for the asks of getting a degree, but also for my thoughts, expressions, and experiences. I will use the remained 3 hours to read some literatures or write something. It would be happy if i am writing thinigs i truly believe in, but it would be a torture if i am only writing to meet the commands of several trash courses. Unfortnately, the latter happened several times. Also i wish my doctor dont push or ask me too much and i want him know his concerns is unnecessary. I would finish an excellent dissertation at the end, for myself.

This is how a day of mine goes on. It is a routine, and a ritual. I can feel the power this sounds-boring ritual gives to me. Because i can really feel i am getting stronger every day, if i obey the ritual. But if i just lay on the bed, browsing the short video like a zombie, doing and thinking nothing at all, i will lose this magic and get pulished. This is the power of ritual. The consistancy makes it. I make it.





